Update TOS and Privacy Policy (#11627)
opencollective/opencollective-frontend: components/static-pages/tos.md

(c) **Recurring Payments.** You may authorize a recurring contribution to a Host for designation to a Collective by indicating as much through the Platform ("**Recurring Contribution**").
For a Recurring Contribution, you are authorizing our designated Payment Processor to charge the amount specified to your Payment Method on the day that the initial contribution is made and to charge the same amount every calendar month thereafter (or every year if the renewal period is annual).
If the initial contribution was made with a Platform Tip, the Platform Tip will be included on each recurring payment.
**When you initiate a recurring contribution to a Host for designation to a Collective, you expressly agree that our Payment Processor is authorized to charge you on a monthly basis (or on an annual basis, if specified via the platform) for the same payment amount until you cancel it or we suspend or stop providing you access to the platform in accordance with these Terms.**

> (d) **Cancellations.** Financial Contributors can cancel or change the amount of a Recurring Contribution via [opencollective.com/recurring-contributions](https://www.opencollective.com/recurring-contributions).

Reviewer: A small one I wanted to include in https://github.com/opencollective/opencollective-frontend/pull/11357 - update to the latest URL.

```suggestion
(d) **Cancellations.** Financial Contributors can cancel or change the amount of a Recurring Contribution via [opencollective.com/recurring-contributions](https://opencollective.com/dashboard/outgoing-contributions).
```
